Add Contributing Guide & Code of Conduct (#734)
scalableminds/webknossos-libs: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

## Enforcement

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at [norman@webknossos.org](mailto:norman@webknossos.org) or [tom@webknossos.org](mailto:tom@webknossos.org). The project team will review and investigate all complaints, and will respond in a way that it deems appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Author: Hatte ich auch zuerst so, dachte dann aber an der Stelle ist es vielleicht sinnvoller, ne persönlichere Mailadresse zu haben, hatte ich dann auch so bei Rasa gesehen. Ganz wie ihr mögt @normanrz @hotzenklotz
```suggestion
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at [hello@webknossos.org](mailto:hello@webknossos.org). The project team will review and investigate all complaints, and will respond in a way that it deems appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.
```

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at [norman@webknossos.org](mailto:norman@webknossos.org) or [tom@webknossos.org](mailto:tom@webknossos.org). The project team will review and investigate all complaints, and will respond in a way that it deems appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Reviewer: Hello@... kann man halt leicht an den jeweiligen Ansprechpartner fortwarfen oder an eine Gruppe von Leuten. Finde ich persönlich besser.
